using (i.e. ) the seL4 technology and increasing
the number of organisations that can cost-effectively adopt seL4 in their
products.

developer kit is targeted at 










for modern application
development (such as drivers, libraries, and
services)


essential for  will be needed to build useful applications.






https://www.linuxfoundation.org/




It is available as open source on GitHub and supported by the seL4 Foundation.

The entirety of the seL4 Microkernel, and its associated
ecosystem,




Given it is open source COTS technology, the potential for reduced cost for high assurance products and reduced time to market are significant.





balancing the
trade-off between 


complexity of formal verification against 



deliberately choosing to retain
performance, even where this 

when


 not
sacrificing 




avoiding


avoiding architectural concessions for the purpose of 


achieved through design and profiling, avoiding 


not permitting 

Architectural concessions that might ease formal verification, 






is subject to comprehensive formal verification,
providing specific assurances to deliver trust 




https://sel4.systems/About/seL4-whitepaper.pdf

, exceptionally,  is unique 



assume correctness of compiler, assembly code, and hardware, and we used a
unique design approach that fuses formal and operating systems techniques. To
our knowledge, this is the first formal proof of functional correctness of a
complete, general-purpose operating-system kernel. Functional correctness
means here that the implementation always strictly follows our high-level
abstract specification of kernel behaviour. This encompasses traditional
design and implementation safety properties such as the kernel will never
crash, and it will never perform an unsafe operation. It also proves much
more: we can predict precisely how the kernel will behave in every possible
situation.  seL4, a third-generation microkernel of L4 provenance, comprises




seL4 is formally verified software and therefore offers significant benefits
over other software-based implementations in terms of the assurance and trust
that can be gained. Given it is open source COTS technology, the potential for
reduced cost for high assurance products and reduced time to market are
significant.

Developing on top of the seL4 microkernel is currently complex and
time-consuming, and the expertise is limited to a small number of individuals
and organisations. This developer kit is targeted at reducing the barrier to
entry for using (i.e. developing on top of) the seL4 technology and increasing
the number of organisations that can cost-effectively adopt seL4 in their
products.





In common with all Microkernels, the seL4 Microkernel provides a minimum set
of essential features as needed to frame a viable OS (Operating System). There
is an expectation that further components (such as drivers, libraries, and
services) will be needed to build useful applications.



The [seL4 Microkernel](https://sel4.systems) is a technology of increasing
interest, as it has the potential to deliver significant benefits across a range of
applications that require strong domain separation and software-enforced
trusted execution environments.




Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
